Entry ID	New Note
32229	Tagalog tirá may belong to this set as well, but it lacks an expected word-final glottal stop.
28292	Old Javanese céŋkok 'concave' may also belong to this set, but the initial consonant is irregular. The inherited s may have been influenced by the vowel, causing palatalization since we would also expect c in Balinese if this form reflected *ci(ŋ)kuk.
27636	This form was originally reconstructed as *qaRsam, but considering the prevalence for schwa deletion in the environment VC_CV in addition to forms that appear to retain schwa in Batak, Malayic, and Sangiric, it is best to reconstruct a schwa to PMP. The Oceanic forms reflect a deletion of *R, possibly via *-Rs- cluster reduction following deletion of the schwa.
25721	"The only way to reconcile the Oceanic forms in this word is to propose an irregular development of PMP *n to Poc *l in reflexes of *buNuq. This leaves Sundanese bəntaŋ wuluh 	and bəntaŋ buluh, both glossed as 'the Pleiades (rare)'. There is no way to satisfactorily integrate the Sundanese into *buNuq without positing yet another irregular change. However, given the fact that Sundanese wuluh/buluh itself has the additional irregularity in the initial consonant and is considered rare, its reflex of *N is not the only factor necessitating its removal."
28000	Kankanaey géŋet 'choleric, angry, easily irritated' may support *R-, but all other evidence points to *r-.
25892	Tagalog tubóg 'pool of water' and Tiruray tebug 'a stagnant pool of water; to make a pool to hold water' may be unrelated, since g cannot reflect *-j in these languages. Additionally, these are the only glosses that do not indicate a water source, but rather a pool of (stagnant) water, which represents a semantic deviation from the original meaning. They are therefore excluded, and a would-be *tebuR doubled is not considered valid. 
32704	These Philippine words apparently reflect *balud, but are close in both meaning and form to PAn *baluN 'bind, bundle', albeit with an irregular development of *-N. Given the restriction of these words to the far northern Philippines, it is likely that an irregular development of *-N to *-d may have occurred and spread through contact, or alternatively, that a proto-Amis form, reflected today as *falod, may have entered the northern Philippines, introducing a final *-d. 
28270	Chamorro cecet 'hiss, call by hissing sound, call attention to' is irregular, but may also belong to this set (*s should have been retained as Chamorro s, and c is the typical reflex of *z).
26206	This is another example of voicing instability with the velar stop, with numerous languages reflecting irregular devoicing of *g to k. *g is chosen as the reconstruction here due to the phonetic motivation of devoicing velar stops where no such motivation exists for voicing velar stops. A previous doublet, PMP *kemel, has been removed and merged here.
31313	Malay kompoŋ may be unrelated.
32728	Malay pəsok 'bashed in; broken through, of a damaged tray, a mat with holes in it, a man’s skull being crushed in a fight, a wall broken through, or anything full of holes' and Iban pesok 'holed, broken through, bashed in (esp. of hollow things, as boats, gongs, clothes)' both have an unexpected final consonant. 
25094	Numfor baren 'stir into food' looks related, but has an unexpected final consonant. *balun is not reconstructed because although the Numfor word could fit, the final-syllable vowel could reflect any PMP vowel, making chance more likely.
27531	Also possibly Ilokano poŋó 'large bundle of palay (rice plants)' and Manobo (Western Bukidnon) puŋu 'head of grain on a rice stalk', but both show an irregular deletion of -n
25041	See PMP *baRa₂ 'pen, enclosure for domesticated animals'
25157	See PMP *baRa₂ 'pen, enclosure for domesticated animals'
